docs: merge 2025-q2 with master (#1681)
telerik/reporting-docs: upgrade/2025/2025-q2-19-1-25-520.md

---
title: 2025 Q2 (19.1.25.520)
page_title: 2025 Q2 19.1.25.520 Release Overview
description: "See the changes introduced with Telerik Reporting 2025 Q2 (19.1.25.520) that should be considered before upgrading, and the 3rd party products & packages this version depends on."
slug: telerikreporting/upgrade/2025/2025-q2-19-1-25-520
tags: q2,2025
published: True
position: 0
---

# 2025 Q2 (19.1.25.520) Changes and Dependencies

This article explains the manual changes required when upgrading to Telerik Reporting 2025 Q2 (19.1.25.520).

## Changes

### Unified distribution for trial and commercial packages
Streamlined user experience by consolidating trial and commercial packages into a single unified distribution for Telerik UI libraries. Access is now managed through a license key file, eliminating the need for separate trial downloads. For more information, please refer to the [documentation article](%slug license-key%).

### HTML5 Report Viewer

> The viewer now uses SASS theming mechanism and refers to a new KendoUI version. Refer to [this article]({%slug %}) for guidance on mitigating potential issues.

Author: ```suggestion
The viewer now uses Sass theming mechanism and refers to a new Kendo UI version. Refer to [this article]({%slug %}) for guidance on mitigating potential issues.
```

Author: slug is missing here
